A couple of last notes.
In regard to this idea of Understanding.
Remember that JavaScript,
the programming language is really
abstracting you away from how the computer
works and how the browser works.
If that's what you're using
to implement JavaScript,
or the server that's
running the JavaScript.
We need to understand how
the tool is functioning
in order to be able to properly
write JavaScript code.
Deep, advanced JavaScript code.
We're going beyond just the basics.
So even though it may seem at moments
through this course that we're covering
something that oh,
you don't really need to know.
You'll find as we progress,
that fundamental foundational knowledge
is going to brighten the path for you,
give you plenty of Uh-huh Moments.
So be patient as we go through concepts,
because very quickly, you'll see
just how important they really are.
This course is also going
to talk about Frameworks.
One of the best things about
JavaScript the past several years
also happens to be in some
ways one of the worst.
The open source community has developed
a tremendous amount of very popular,
very powerful,
JavaScript libraries and frameworks.
Things like JQuery and AngularJS.
These things are great and they help
us quickly build some pretty neat and
pretty awesome software applications.
However a lot of people
are being introduced to
JavaScript via these frameworks.
Rather than learn JavaScript first,
you might learn jQuery or learn AngularJS.
And JavaScript kind of comes along for
the ride.
The problem is that jQuery and AngularJS
and all these other frameworks and
libraries, as awesome and wonderful as
they are, are just JavaScript code.
They're a JavaScript file that you include
in your application that provides you
a bunch of code that other people, really
smart, good developers have written.
But a lot of developers,
if they opened up those files,
if they opened up that code, they wouldn't
be able to understand what's in it.
Because we tend not to then understand
the deeper parts of JavaScript and
that's dangerous.
If you wanna build a robust,
good JavaScript application,
you can't just know jQuery or
know Angular.
You have to know and understand the things
that the people that wrote jQuery and
Angular know and understand.
And so that's what this course
is going to endeavor to do.
To give you the kind of education,
the kind of information that
will let you open up jQuery.
Look at it.
Look at the source code and understand it.
In fact, at the end of this course,
that's exactly what we're going to do.
Then, we'll try building our own little
mini framework or library just like
jQuery and Angular, and others have
done using the same techniques for
understanding how to structure Java Script
applications and how they work.
So that's Frameworks.
Now the Weird Parts of JavaScript
have to do with people coming
from other programming languages.
Perhaps you are and
having certain expectations
because of how JavaScript looks.
And not understanding just how
different it is under the hood
from most of the mainstream
programming languages.
And yet it's weird parts are often it's
most powerful and beautiful parts.
So, when we say that we're
understanding the weird parts,
what we're really going to do
is understand the hows and whys.
Also no programming language is perfect.
So occasionally through
this course we'll stop and
point out something that's a hazard.
Something that's a danger, a downside of
the JavaScript programming language or
something that you should avoid.
So that's it.
Understanding, Frameworks and
the Weird Parts.
We're ready to dig in to JavaScript.